org/example/project/api/projetos/ProjetoRepository.java
 org.example.project.api.projetos.ProjetoRepository
org/example/project/App.java
 org.example.project.App
org/example/project/api/users/UserResponse.java
 org.example.project.api.users.UserResponse
org/example/project/api/users/UserRequest.java
 org.example.project.api.users.UserRequest
org/example/project/api/departamentos/DepartamentoRequest.java
 org.example.project.api.departamentos.DepartamentoRequest
org/example/project/api/departamentos/DepartamentoResource.java
 org.example.project.api.departamentos.DepartamentoResource
org/example/project/api/departamentos/DepartamentoResponse.java
 org.example.project.api.departamentos.DepartamentoResponse
org/example/project/api/projetos/ProjetoRequest.java
 org.example.project.api.projetos.ProjetoRequest
org/example/project/api/departamentos/DepartamentoRepository.java
 org.example.project.api.departamentos.DepartamentoRepository
org/example/project/exceptions/BadRequestExceptionMapper.java
 org.example.project.exceptions.BadRequestExceptionMapper
 org.example.project.exceptions.BadRequestExceptionMapper$BadRequestBody
 org.example.project.exceptions.BadRequestExceptionMapper$Violation
org/example/project/api/funcionarios/FuncionarioRepository.java
 org.example.project.api.funcionarios.FuncionarioRepository
org/example/project/exceptions/MyApplicationException.java
 org.example.project.exceptions.MyApplicationException
org/example/project/api/funcionarios/FuncionarioRequest.java
 org.example.project.api.funcionarios.FuncionarioRequest
org/example/project/api/projetos/ProjetoResponse.java
 org.example.project.api.projetos.ProjetoResponse
org/example/project/api/departamentos/Departamento.java
 org.example.project.api.departamentos.Departamento
org/example/project/TesteResource.java
 org.example.project.TesteResource
org/example/project/api/users/UserRepository.java
 org.example.project.api.users.UserRepository
org/example/project/api/funcionarios/Funcionario.java
 org.example.project.api.funcionarios.Funcionario
org/example/project/api/projetos/Projeto.java
 org.example.project.api.projetos.Projeto
org/example/project/api/users/User.java
 org.example.project.api.users.User
org/example/project/api/funcionarios/FuncionarioResponse.java
 org.example.project.api.funcionarios.FuncionarioResponse
org/example/project/api/users/UserResource.java
 org.example.project.api.users.UserResource
org/example/project/exceptions/MyApplicationExceptionHandler.java
 org.example.project.exceptions.MyApplicationExceptionHandler
org/example/project/api/funcionarios/FuncionarioResource.java
 org.example.project.api.funcionarios.FuncionarioResource
org/example/project/api/projetos/ProjetoResource.java
 org.example.project.api.projetos.ProjetoResource
